28 29 Animal Farm by George Orwell CHAPTER 4 By the late summer the news of what had happened on Animal Farm had spread across half the county.
At the graveside Snowball made a little speech emphasising the need 34 for all animals to be ready to die for Animal Farm if need be.
The animals decided unanimously to create a military decoration Animal Hero First Class which was conferred there and then on Snowball and Boxer.
Napoleon produced no schemes of his own but said quietly that Snowball s would come to nothing and seemed to be biding his time.
And thereafter he declared so much labour would be saved that the animals would only need to work three days a week.
The animals formed themselves into two factions under the slogan Vote for Snowball and the three day week and Vote for Napoleon and the full manger.
Comrades he said I trust that every animal here appreciates the sacrifice that Comrade Napoleon has made in taking this extra labour upon himself.
On the third Sunday after Snowball s expulsion the animals 44 were somewhat surprised to hear Napoleon announce that the windmill was to be built after all.
That evening Squealer explained privately to the other animals that Napoleon had never in reality been opposed to the windmill.
One Sunday morning when the animals assembled to receive their orders Napoleon announced that he had decided upon a new policy.
There would be no need for any of the animals to come in contact with human beings which would clearly be most undesirable.
Napoleon ended his speech with his usual cry of Long live Animal Farm and after the singing of Beasts of England the animals were dismissed.
Every human being held it as an article of faith that the farm would go bankrupt sooner or later and above all that the windmill would be a failure.
Napoleon snuffed deeply at them and pronounced them to be Snowball s. He gave it as his opinion that Snowball had probably come from the direction of Foxwood Farm.
Forward comrades Long live the windmill Long live Animal Farm 55 56 Animal Farm by George Orwell CHAPTER 7 It was a bitter winter.
Snowball was secretly frequenting the farm by night The animals were so disturbed that they could hardly sleep in their stalls.
The animals now also learned that Snowball had never as many of them had believed hitherto received the order of Animal Hero First Class.
The banknotes were forgeries Frederick had got the timber for nothing Napoleon called the animals together immediately and in a terrible voice pronounced the death sentence upon Frederick.
The wounds on Snowball s back which a few of the animals still remembered to have seen had been inflicted by Napoleon s teeth.
Come at once They re taking Boxer away Without waiting for orders from the pig the animals broke off work and raced back to the farm buildings.
Long live Animal Farm Long live Comrade Napoleon Napoleon is always right.
The animals were hard at work building yet another windmill; when that one was finished so it was said the dynamos would be installed.
Somehow it seemed as though the farm had grown richer without making the animals themselves any richer except of course for the pigs and the dogs.
He believed that he was right in saying that the lower animals on Animal Farm did more work and received less food than any animals in the county.
He could not of course know for he Napoleon was only now for the first time announcing it that the name Animal Farm had been abolished.
