a planet 20 1 Astrobiology From the Origin of Life on Earth to Life in the Universe outside our Solar System was announced by Michel Mayor and Didier Queloz.
88 4 From Molecular Evolution to Cellular Life 4.2 Life as It Is Known 4.2.1 The Phylogenetic Tree of Life Life is characterized by endless complexity.
4.2.2 Life is Cellular Happens in Liquid Water and Is Based on Genetic Information From unicellular microorganisms to all higher life forms all life on Earth is cellular Fig.
Thus present day DNA RNA protein life would have been preceded by life composed of RNAs and their encoded protein products or by RNA protein RNP life.
evident then that life has been present on Earth throughout most of its history and that life was only microbial for long periods of geological time.
The dryness alone would suffice to guarantee a lifeless Mars; combined with the planet s radiation flux Mars becomes almost moon like in its hostility to life.
But current thinking from the new knowledge about life in extreme environments on Earth holds that it is more likely that life would be extant in the deeper subsurface.
If Mars and Earth had a similar geological past microbial life or the remnants of it could still be present on Mars.
At least based on life on Earth this solvent is water and thus any planetary environment we postulate to be habitable must have liquid water see Chapter 1 .
The minimum energy that life can use on Earth is set by the energy needed to make ATP which is essentially the energy currency molecule used by life.
6.5.2 Assumptions on Life Theoretical life forms can be matched with the known or inferred conditions on the early Earth or in the extraterrestrial environment.
6.6.2 Test Case Two Life on the Early Earth The use of modern life on Earth as an analogy for ancient life has both positive and negative aspects.
8.2.3 Earth 8.2.4 Mars Mars is one of the key planets with a high potential for life.
As of April 2006 there were four spacecraft in orbit around Mars Mars Global Surveyor and Mars Odyssey both NASA missions and Mars Express an ESA mission .
8.2.7 Conclusions Life Beyond Earth To summarize we have not yet found life extant dormant or extinct on Mars or any evidence that it arose on Mars.
For this reason the search for life elsewhere in the Universe and more simply in our Solar System uses life on Earth as a reference see Chapter 6 .
Natural transfer of viable mi crobes in space Part 1 From Mars to Earth and Earth to Mars Icarus 2000 145 391 427.
Rosetta will also help us to determine whether comets could have contributed to the origin of life on Earth by seeding our planet with complex organic molecules through impacts.
Many scientists consider that the present composition of Titan s atmosphere mainly nitrogen and methane might closely resemble that of early Earth before life began on our planet.
Extant Life 12.2.1.2 In 1976 NASA s twin Viking landers conducted the first in situ measurements focusing on the detection of organic compounds and life on Mars.
Global mineralogical and aqueous Mars history derived from 12.6 Further Reading 347 OMEGA Mars Express data an ESA study for the search for life on Mars Science 2006 312.
Example missions include all the Mars orbiters Mars Global Surveyor Mars Odyssey Mars Express Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter .
13.4.2 Missions to Mars With the exception of the Earth Mars is by far the most intensively studied of the planets of our Solar System Table 13.5 .
13.4.2.4 Human Missions to Mars A human mission to Mars has been a long term goal in every space exploration program since the advent of space flight.
tidal heating 260 water ice 257 see also water water ocean 258 European Astrobiology Network Association 268 European Space Exploration Program 383 evolution Darwinian evolution 87 ff.
