If you wish to get the most out of this book there is one indispensable requirement one essential infinitely more important than any rule or technique.
In this letter Crowley said Under my coat is a weary heart but a kind one one that would do nobody any harm.
And that was the killer who said Under my coat is a 25 weary heart but a kind one one that would do nobody any harm.
36 2 THE BIG SECRET OF DEALING WITH PEOPLE There is only one way under high heaven to get anybody to do anything.
Time after time he took drab little creatures that no one ever looked at twice and transformed them on the stage into glamorous visions of mystery and seduction.
No one with a trace of horse sense would expect a child three years old to react to the viewpoint of a father thirty years old.
You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you.
If the author doesn t like people he said people won t like his or her stories.
By having a sustained interest in other people he created a new life for himself at a time when most people consider their productive years over.
I have discovered from personal experience that one can win the attention and time and cooperation of even the most sought after people by becoming genuinely interested in them.
If we want to make friends let s put ourselves out to do things for other people things that require time energy unselfishness and thoughtfulness.
Mr Knaphle made a speech one night before one of my classes pouring out his hot wrath upon chain stores branding them as a curse to the nation.
No one was talking to anyone else and all were probably thinking of a dozen other things they would rather be doing than wasting time sitting in that office.
One way to warm it up he said is to remember people s names.
The life of many a person could probably be changed if only someone would make him feel important.
Talk to people about themselves said Disraeli one of the shrewdest men who ever ruled the British Empire.
In a Nutshell SIX WAYS TO MAKE PEOPLE LIKE YOU PRINCIPLE 1 Become genuinely interested in other people.
There was a time when a remark like his first one would have made me see scarlet and red and orange.
I had worked up a new system which would enable us to pay the operator by the class of yam she was running at any one particular time.
One day Mrs. Wilson told one of our classes I just gave up.
Finally he questioned Mr. Cubellis briefly about his experience then called in one of his vice presidents and said I think this is the person we are looking for.
J. Pierpont Morgan observed in one of his analytical interludes that a person usually has two reasons for doing a thing one that sounds good and a real one.
I would have pointed out that if he moved the full balance of his rent would fall due at once and that I could and would move to collect.
He always gave people the opportunity to do things themselves; he never told his assistants to do things; he let them do them let them learn from their mistakes.
Everybody likes to be praised but when praise is specific it comes across as sincere not something the other person may be saying just to make one feel good.
