Redefined it now means men must be like women and women can be whatever they like.
Sex crimes are always male never female because such crimes are conceptualizing assaults on the unreachable omnipotence of woman and nature.
Man the sexual conceptualizer and projector has ruled art because art is his Apollonian response toward and away from woman.
The primeval deity may be hermaphroditic like Egypt s mother goddess Mut who has both male and female genitals.
Earth cult s lurid sexual symbolism contains a psychic truth there is a sexual element in all creation in nature or art.
Like many Renaissance artists he used male models for female figures since a woman posing nude was scandalous.
In love he is passive; women must make the first move.2 Rousseau ends the sexual scheme of the great chain of being where male was sovereign over female.
These hermaphrodites Double sexed; The Female male the Male female have an Apollonian beauty glowing against chthonian darkness like Lucifer in The Monk 19 32 33 .
11 Marriage to Mother Nature Wordsworth William Wordsworth not William Blake defined nature for nineteenth century culture.
The blink of an eye sex change recalls Spenser s switch of sexual perspective but Byron retains his woman s male name to prolong her sexual ambiguity.
In Late Romanticism the expansive High Romantic self ecstatically open to nature like Shelley with the West Wind undergoes hieratic sequestration.
Like Gautier s D Albert Raoule craves the impossible she wants to be in love like a man with a man.
Like her Romantic precursors Bront is not a social historian but the writer of one great poem that is one body of self referential work.
Like Sade s murderous mother nature and Baudelaire s stony idols Swinburne s Dolores frustrates the procreative her solipsistic sensuality turning phenomena back upon themselves.
Anactoria is a device to give lyric poetry like nature purely female origins thus enabling Swinburne to blot out the entire intervening masculine tradition.
There are just two sexual personae in Pater the passive male aesthete and his cosmic antagonist mother nature.
High Romantic harmony of man and nature has become Late Romantic enslavement of man by art work.
Elsewhere Wilde says Twenty years of romance make a woman look like a ruin; but twenty years of marriage make her something like a public building.
Wilde confirms Rousseau s and Wordsworth s belief that following nature makes man tender and benevolent swerving from High Romantic nature Wilde becomes cruel.
Like Shelley and Mill Poe dreams of male eclipse by a Muse like female mind.
The two are one as a male heroine Poe like Wordsworth cannot project himself into a masculine persona.
The epic catalogs of Leaves of Grass are the poet s gluttonous self fecundation or female swelling a portrait of the artist as Great Mother a Universal Man Woman.
His giddy drops from one level of decorum to another like a speed jockey operating an elevator are like the governess delirious self stimulations in Turn of the Screw.
In her transsexual leaps into eternity Dickinson is like Swinburne s Sappho who turns male at death by sloughing off her passive female body.
The poems are sexual scripts like Sade s. Dickinson turns Wordsworth s nature into an inferno ring upon ring of pain.
