How is it possible that you have discovered my soul Zarathustra smiled and said Many a soul one can never discover unless one firsts invents it.
To the good also a noble one stands in the way and even when they call him a good man they want to push him aside.
Can you go near to your friend and not go over to him In a friend one shall have one s best enemy.
The Thousand and One Goals Zarathustra saw many lands and many peoples thus he discovered the good and evil of many peoples.
Zarathustra saw many lands and many peoples no greater power did Zarathustra find on earth than the creations of the loving ones good and evil are their names.
And thus spoke the old woman You go to women Do not forget the whip Thus spoke Zarathustra.
One must stop being eaten when one tastes best those who want to be long loved know this.
When Zarathustra had spoken these words he paused like one who had not yet said his last word; and long did he balance the staff doubtfully in his hand.
Beggars however one should entirely do away with it annoys one to give to them and it annoys one not to give to them.
And many a one who cannot see men s loftiness calls it virtue to see their baseness far too well thus calls he his evil eye virtue.
Yes you sublime one one day shall you also be beautiful and hold up the mirror to your own beauty.
His disciples laughed sure enough at this talk; and one of them said even Sooner would I believe that Zarathustra has taken the devil.
Thus do they anticipate every one s wishes and do well to every one.
And when you take then is it like stealing you small virtuous ones; but even among knaves honor says that one shall only steal when one cannot rob.
And the fool talked thus to Zarathustra O Zarathustra here is the great city here have you nothing to seek and everything to lose.
And therefore suffers one little children to come to one to forbid them betimes to love themselves so causes the spirit of gravity.
Like the sun will also Zarathustra go down now sits he here and waits old broken law tablets around him and also new law tablets half written.
You world weary ones however You earth idlers You shall one beat with stripes With stripes shall one again make you sprightly limbs.
Thus would I have man and woman fit for war the one; fit for maternity the other; both however fit for dancing with head and legs.
Hardly however had Zarathustra spoken these words when he fell down as one dead and remained long as one dead.
Ah this mad old fool Wisdom If your Wisdom should one day run away from you ah then would also my love run away from you quickly.
Therefore do I here wait crafty and scornful upon high mountains no impatient one no patient one; rather one who has even unlearnt patience because he no longer suffers.
Be still said he with modest voice good songs want to re echo well; after good songs one should be long silent.
It is worth while living on the earth one day one festival with Zarathustra has taught me to love the earth.
When however this took place with the ugliest man Zarathustra stood there like one drunken his glance dulled his tongue faltered and his feet staggered.
