All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States which shall consist of a Sen ate and House of Representatives.
When vacancies happen in the Representation from any State the Executive Authority thereof shall issue Writs of Election to fi ll such Vacancies.
The House of Representatives shall chuse their Speaker and other Offi cers; and shall have the sole Power of Impeachment.
Immediately after they shall be assembled in Consequence of the fi rst Election they shall be divided as equally as may be into three Classes.
The Senators and Representatives shall receive a Compen sation for their Services to be ascertained by Law and paid out of the Treasury of the United States.
The Vice President of the United States shall be President of the Senate but shall have no Vote unless they be equally divided.
No Tax or Duty shall be laid on Articles exported from any State.
The executive Power shall be vested in a President of the United States of America.
The President of the Senate shall in the Presence of the Senate and House of Representatives open all the Certifi cates and the Votes shall then be counted.
In every Case after the Choice of the President the Person having the greatest Number of Votes of the Electors shall be the Vice President.
Treason against the United States shall consist only in levy ing War against them or in adhering to their Enemies giv ing them Aid and Comfort.
In all Cases affecting Ambassadors other public Ministers and Consuls and those in which a State shall be Party the supreme Court shall have original Jurisdiction.
Full Faith and Credit shall be given in each State to the public Acts Records and judicial Proceedings of every oth er State.
The Citizens of each State shall be entitled to all Privileges and Immunities of Citizens in the several States.
The Ratifi cation of the Conventions of nine States shall be suffi cient for the Establishment of this Constitution between the States so ratifying the Same.
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Con stitution nor prohibited by it to the States are reserved to the States respectively or to the people.
But no person constitutionally ineligible to the offi ce of President shall be eligible to that of Vice President of the United States.
All persons born or naturalized in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside.
Representatives shall be apportioned among the several States according to their respective numbers counting the whole number of persons in each State excluding Indians not taxed.
The Congress and the several States shall have concurrent power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.
The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of sex.
The electors in each State shall have the qualifi cations requisite for elec tors of the most numerous branch of the State legislatures.
If at the time fi xed for the beginning of the term of the President the President elect shall have died the Vice Presi dent elect shall become President.
In case of the removal of the President from offi ce or of his death or resignation the Vice President shall become President.
No law varying the compensation for the services of the Senators and Representatives shall take effect until an elec tion of representatives shall have intervened.
